###### Getting started {#getting_started}

This is a \_\_very basic guide\_\_ on getting started with \*\*[Tech
Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn "wikilink")\*\*.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### Acquiring rubber {#acquiring_rubber}

To get started with \*\*[Tech
Reborn](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/techreborn "wikilink")\*\*
you want to craft yourself a
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:treetap`</mcitem>`{=html}. Once you have
acquired one you can begin to look for a \*\*[World Generation:Rubber
Tree](World_Generation:Rubber_Tree "wikilink")\*\*
[`{{mods:techreborn:rubber_sapling.png?30x30}}`{=mediawiki}](world_generation:rubber_tree "wikilink")

They are distinctive as they have a spike of leaves at the top. They
usually spawn in clumps. This is an example of what the rubber trees
will look like in the world.

```{=mediawiki}
{{:mods:techreborn:rubbertree.png|Rubber Tree}}
```
Once you have found a tree, you need to look for
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sap`</mcitem>`{=html} spots on it.
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sap`</mcitem>`{=html} will
\_\_regenerate\_\_ over time. When you have found a
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sap`</mcitem>`{=html} spot you will want to
\*\*right click\*\* it with the
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:treetap`</mcitem>`{=html} this will extract
the `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sap`</mcitem>`{=html} into your
inventory. Sap can be smelted to
\*\*[Rubber](Items:Part:Rubber "wikilink")\*\*[`{{mods:techreborn:rubber.png?30x30}}`{=mediawiki}](Items:Part:Rubber "wikilink")
which is used to produce \*\*insulated
[Cables](Energy:Cables "wikilink")\*\*
[`{{mods:techreborn:insulated_copper_cable.png?30x30}}`{=mediawiki}](Energy:Cables "wikilink").

------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### Refining Iron {#refining_iron}

Smelting `<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:iron_ingot`</mcitem>`{=html} in any
furnace will give you
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:refined_iron_ingot`</mcitem>`{=html}, which
are used in many of the recipes for machines and their component parts.
You\'ll need a few of these for your first parts and first machines.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### First Machine {#first_machine}

{{ :mods:techreborn:generator.png?200\|}} As a starting point you will
want to make will be a generator of some kind. This can be from another
mod, or you can make a TechReborn
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:generator`</mcitem>`{=html}. The generator
uses a solid fuel type to generate a small amount of power. You will
need to get your self some cables to transfer the power between blocks.

Please note that if you\'re using generators from other mods then this
can affect balance in gameplay. Some generators might use other energy
types which may either be over or under powered.

The first machines you might want to look into building are the
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:electric_furnace`</mcitem>`{=html} and the
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:grinder`</mcitem>`{=html}. If you place
these next to the
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:generator`</mcitem>`{=html} you won\'t even
have to worry about power distribution at first because the
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:generator`</mcitem>`{=html} automatically
powers blocks which are directly next to it.

The `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:electric_furnace`</mcitem>`{=html} will
allow you to smelt much more items using the same resources. For
example: 1 piece of coal will smelt 8 iron ore blocks in a regular
furnace, 10 iron ore blocks in an iron furnace and 49 iron ore blocks in
an `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:electric_furnace`</mcitem>`{=html}
powered by a `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:generator`</mcitem>`{=html}.

The `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} allows you to
grind ores into
`{{:mods:techreborn:copper_dust.png?nolink&24|}}`{=mediawiki}
\*\*[Dusts](items:dust "wikilink")\*\* which you can then smelt back
into `{{:mods:techreborn:copper_ingot.png?nolink&24|}}`{=mediawiki}
\*\*[Ingots](items:ingot "wikilink")\*\*. One ore block gets you two
dust and one dust can be smelted back into an ingot. This effectively
doubles the number of ingots you get from each ore.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

##### Advanced Automation {#advanced_automation}

All of the machines can be configured to accept or output items to any
side. This can be done by clicking on the \"Configure slots\" button in
the gui of any machine. When this button is clicked all the slots that
can be configured will be displayed in red. When you click on the slot
you wish to configure you will be greeted with a popup GUI that allows
you to change a wide range of things for that slot.

I have made a video going over the basics of the system:
`{{https://cached_fileserver.modmuss50.me/videos/slotConfig.mp4|1280x720}}`{=mediawiki}

This system should allow you to do some complex automation with pipes
from other mods and hoppers from vanilla.

The system also have auto input and output, when enabled the machine
will try and move the items around to neighbouring inventories.

Input slots have a setting to filter the input, this setting means that
the slot will only accept items that have a valid recipe. This is really
useful as it allows you to use one chest for input and output in some
cases.

*This page is still being written, more content will come soon.*
