![Peridot](/mods/techreborn/peridot_gem.png)

###### Peridot

-   -   Peridot ** is a gem added by TechReborn. It is used to craft
        peridot armor set and also it could be grinded to
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} for
        further processing.

##### Recipe

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air
techreborn:peridot_storage_block air input air air air output
techreborn:peridot_gem,9 `</recipe>`{=html}

-   -   Peridot** could be made back from dust using raw power of TNT
        in
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:implosion_compressor`</mcitem>`{=html}:
        \\\\

4x `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} + 16x
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:tnt`</mcitem>`{=html} -\> 3x
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_gem`</mcitem>`{=html} + 12x
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:dark_ashes_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}\\\\ 4x
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} + 4x
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:end_crystal`</mcitem>`{=html} -\> 3x
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_gem`</mcitem>`{=html} + 4x
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:ender_eye_small_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}\\\\

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:industrial_grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
\\\\ `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} +
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:water_cell`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_gem`</mcitem>`{=html} +
6x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_small_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} +
2x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:emerald_small_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}

##### Usage

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem
techreborn:peridot_gem input techreborn:peridot_gem
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem input
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem
output techreborn:peridot_storage_block `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:peridot_gem air input air
techreborn:peridot_gem air input air minecraft:stick air output
techreborn:peridot_sword `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem
input air minecraft:stick air input air minecraft:stick air output
techreborn:peridot_pickaxe `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem air input
techreborn:peridot_gem minecraft:stick air input air minecraft:stick air
output techreborn:peridot_axe `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem air input air
minecraft:stick air input air minecraft:stick air output
techreborn:peridot_hoe `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
air techreborn:peridot_gem air input air minecraft:stick air input air
minecraft:stick air output techreborn:peridot_shovel `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input techreborn:peridot_gem
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem input
techreborn:peridot_gem air techreborn:peridot_gem output
techreborn:peridot_helmet `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:peridot_gem air techreborn:peridot_gem input
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem
input techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem
techreborn:peridot_gem output techreborn:peridot_chestplate
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:peridot_gem
techreborn:peridot_gem techreborn:peridot_gem input
techreborn:peridot_gem air techreborn:peridot_gem input
techreborn:peridot_gem air techreborn:peridot_gem output
techreborn:peridot_leggings `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air air input techreborn:peridot_gem air
techreborn:peridot_gem input techreborn:peridot_gem air
techreborn:peridot_gem output techreborn:peridot_boots
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe: \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_gem`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:peridot_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
