{{ :mods:techreborn:sapphire.png?nolink&200\|Sapphire}}

###### Sapphire

-   -   Sapphire \*\* is a gem added by TechReborn. It is used to craft
        sapphire armor set and also it could be grinded to
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} for
        further processing.

\\\\

##### Recipe

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air
techreborn:block_of_sapphire air input air air air output
techreborn:sapphire,9 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

-   -   Sapphire\*\* could be made back from dust using raw power of TNT
        in
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:implosion_compressor`</mcitem>`{=html}:
        \\\\

4x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} +
16x`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:TNT`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
3x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire`</mcitem>`{=html} +
12x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:dark_ashes`</mcitem>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:industrial_grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
\\\\ `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} +
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:water_cell`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire`</mcitem>`{=html} +
6x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:small_pile_of_sapphire_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} +
2x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:small_pile_of_peridot`</mcitem>`{=html}

##### Usage

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire output techreborn:block_of_sapphire
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:sapphire
air input air techreborn:sapphire air input air minecraft:stick air
output techreborn:sapphire_sword `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire input air minecraft:stick air input air
minecraft:stick air output techreborn:sapphire_pickaxe
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire air input techreborn:sapphire minecraft:stick air
input air minecraft:stick air output techreborn:sapphire_axe
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire air input air minecraft:stick air input air
minecraft:stick air output techreborn:sapphire_hoe `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:sapphire air input air
minecraft:stick air input air minecraft:stick air output
techreborn:sapphire_shovel `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air air input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire
techreborn:sapphire input techreborn:sapphire air techreborn:sapphire
output techreborn:sapphire_helmet `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:sapphire air techreborn:sapphire
input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire input
techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire output
techreborn:sapphire_chestplate `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire techreborn:sapphire input
techreborn:sapphire air techreborn:sapphire input techreborn:sapphire
air techreborn:sapphire output techreborn:sapphire_leggings
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input
techreborn:sapphire air techreborn:sapphire input techreborn:sapphire
air techreborn:sapphire output techreborn:sapphire_boots
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe: \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:compressor`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe: \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:sapphire_plate`</mcitem>`{=html}
