![](/mods/techreborn/uu-matter.png)

###### UU-Matter

-   -   UU-Matter** is an item added by Tech Reborn. It is produced
        when the
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:matter_fabricator`</mcitem>`{=html}
        is provided with adequate power and
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:scrap_box`</mcitem>`{=html} or
        optionally `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:scrap`</mcitem>`{=html}.

UU-Matter can be used to craft a variety of materials, or can be put in
a `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:fluid_replicator`</mcitem>`{=html} to
replicate fluids.

###### Usage

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminium_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air
air output techreborn:aluminium_dust `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:bone`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air air input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air air
output minecraft:bone `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:cactus`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air techreborn:uu_matter
input air air air output minecraft:cactus `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:chrome_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air
input air techreborn:uu_matter air output techreborn:chrome_dust
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:clay`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air techreborn:uu_matter input air air air input air air air
output minecraft:clay `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:coal_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air techreborn:uu_matter air
input air air air output minecraft:coal_ore `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:cocoa_beans`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air air
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output minecraft:cocoa_beans
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:copper_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air air
input air techreborn:uu_matter air output techreborn:copper_dust
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:diamond_ore`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:uu_matter air input
techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter input
techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air output
minecraft:diamond_ore `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:emerald_ore`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter air techreborn:uu_matter
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output minecraft:emerald_ore
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:ender_pearl`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input air air air input air air air output
minecraft:ender_pearl `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:feather`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input techreborn:uu_matter air air
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output minecraft:feather
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:glass`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air air air input air air
techreborn:uu_matter output minecraft:glass `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:glowstone`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air input air air air
input air air air output minecraft:glowstone `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:gold_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air air input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input air air air output minecraft:gold_ore
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:grass_block`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air air air input
techreborn:uu_matter air air output minecraft:gold_ore
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:gunpowder`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input air techreborn:uu_matter air
input ait air techreborn:uu_matter output
minecraft:gunpowder`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:ink_sac`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air input
techreborn:uu_matter air air input ait air air output minecraft:ink_sac
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:iridium_ore`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output techreborn:iridium_ore
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:iron_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air techreborn:uu_matter input air air air
input ait air air output minecraft:iron_ore `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:lapis_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter air air input techreborn:uu_matter air air
input ait air air output minecraft:lapis_ore `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:lead_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input techreborn:uu_matter air air
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output techreborn:lead_dust
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:lily_pad`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air air techreborn:uu_matter
input air air air output minecraft:lily_pad `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:oak_wood`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air air air input air air air
output minecraft:oak_wood `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:obsidian`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air air air output
minecraft:obsidian `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:platinum_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter air
input air air air output techreborn:platinum_dust `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ `<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:redstone_ore`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air air air input
techreborn:uu_matter air techreborn:uu_matter output
minecraft:redstone_ore `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:snow_block`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air air air input air
techreborn:uu_matter air output minecraft:snow_block `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ `<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:stone`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air techreborn:uu_matter air
input air air air output minecraft:stone `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:sugar_cane`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air air air
input techreborn:uu_matter air air output minecraft:sugar_cane
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:tin_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air air air input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air air
techreborn:uu_matter output techreborn:tin_dust `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:titanium_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter air techreborn:uu_matter
input air air air output techreborn:titanium_dust `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:tungsten_dust`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input techreborn:uu_matter techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:uu_matter input air air air output techreborn:tungsten_dust
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:vine`</mcitem>`{=html} `<recipe>`{=html}
input air techreborn:uu_matter air input air techreborn:uu_matter air
input air air air output minecraft:vine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

UU-Matter is also used in [Quantim Solar
Panel](energy:generators:quantum_solar_panel "wikilink") recipe

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:quantum_solar_panel`</mcitem>`{=html}
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel input
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel techreborn:uu_matter
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel input techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel output
techreborn:quantum_solar_panel `</recipe>`{=html}
