{{ :mods:techreborn:reinforced_glass.png?nolink&200\|Reinforced glass}}
A stronger variant of the vanilla
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:glass`</mcitem>`{=html}. Unlike the basic
glass, it can withstand TNT explosions, and drops the original block
when mined with any level of pickaxe.\\\\

Used for some of the advanced generators.

#### Recipe

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:glass techreborn:lead_plate
minecraft:glass input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass
input minecraft:glass techreborn:lead_plate minecraft:glass output
techreborn:reinforced_glass `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass input
techreborn:lead_plate minecraft:glass techreborn:lead_plate input
minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass output
techreborn:reinforced_glass `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

#### Usages

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:gas_turbine`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:invar_plate
techreborn:advanced_circuit techreborn:invar_plate input
techreborn:wind_mill techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:wind_mill
input techreborn:invar_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:invar_plate output techreborn:gas_turbine
`</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:aluminium_plate
techreborn:advanced_circuit techreborn:aluminium_plate input
techreborn:wind_mill techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:wind_mill
input techreborn:aluminium_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:aluminium_plate output techreborn:gas_turbine
`</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:semi_fluid_generator`</mcitem>`{=html}
recipe: `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:iron_plate
techreborn:iron_plate techreborn:iron_plate input techreborn:iron_plate
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:iron_plate input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:generator
techreborn:electronic_circuit output techreborn:semi_fluid_generator
`</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:reinforced_glass
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:electronic_circuit
techreborn:generator techreborn:electronic_circuit output
techreborn:semi_fluid_generator `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:thermal_generator`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:invar_plate techreborn:invar_plate
techreborn:invar_plate input techreborn:invar_plate
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:invar_plate input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:generator
techreborn:electronic_circuit output techreborn:thermal_generator
`</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:vacuum_freezer`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:extractor
techreborn:steel_plate input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:advanced_circuit input
techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:extractor techreborn:steel_plate
output techreborn:thermal_generator `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel`</mcitem>`{=html}
recipe: `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust input
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:advanced_solar_panel techreborn:advanced_circuit output
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust input
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:advanced_machine_frame techreborn:advanced_circuit output
techreborn:ultimate_solar_panel `</recipe>`{=html}\\\\
