![Diamond Dust](/mods/techreborn/diamond_dust.png)

###### Diamond Dust

-   -   Diamond Dust** is a dust added by TechReborn. It is used in
        crafting recipes.

\\\\

##### Recipe

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:small_pile_of_diamond_dust
techreborn:small_pile_of_diamond_dust air input
techreborn:small_pile_of_diamond_dust
techreborn:small_pile_of_diamond_dust air input air air air output
techreborn:diamond_dust `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:grinder`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe: \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:diamond_ore`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
2x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:diamond_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:diamond`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:diamond_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\

##### Usage

`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:crafting_table`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
`<recipe>`{=html} input air air air input air techreborn:diamond_dust
air input air air air output techreborn:small_pile_of_diamond_dust,4
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:titanium_ingot air input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:titanium_ingot air input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:battery output
techreborn:rockcutter `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:diamond_dust minecraft:glass techreborn:diamond_dust
input minecraft:glass techreborn:diamond_dust minecraft:glass input
techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit techreborn:solar_panel
techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit output techreborn:solar_panel
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
minecraft:glass techreborn:diamond_dust input minecraft:glass
techreborn:diamond_dust minecraft:glass input
techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit techreborn:basic_machine_frame
techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit output techreborn:solar_panel
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust input
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:reinforced_glass input techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit
techreborn:solar_panel techreborn:advanced_electronic_circuit output
techreborn:solar_panel `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:iridium_ingot techreborn:advanced_alloy_plate
techreborn:iridium_ingot input techreborn:advanced_alloy_plate
techreborn:diamond_dust techreborn:advanced_alloy_plate input
techreborn:iridium_ingot techreborn:advanced_alloy_plate
techreborn:iridium_ingot output techreborn:iridium_alloy_ingot
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:steel_ingot techreborn:diamond_dust input
techreborn:steel_ingot air techreborn:steel_ingot input
techreborn:diamond_dust techreborn:steel_ingot techreborn:diamond_dust
output techreborn:diamond_saw_blade,4 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:diamond_dust techreborn:steel_ingot
techreborn:diamond_dust input techreborn:steel_ingot minecraft:diamond
techreborn:steel_ingot input techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:steel_ingot techreborn:diamond_dust output
techreborn:diamond_grinding_head,2 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass
input minecraft:redstone techreborn:diamond_dust minecraft:redstone
input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass output
techreborn:glass_fiber_cable,4 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass input
techreborn:silver_ingot techreborn:diamond_dust techreborn:silver_ingot
input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass output
techreborn:glass_fiber_cable,6 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html}
input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass minecraft:glass input
techreborn:electrum_ingot techreborn:diamond_dust
techreborn:electrum_ingot input minecraft:glass minecraft:glass
minecraft:glass output techreborn:glass_fiber_cable,8 `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\ \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:implosion_compressor`</mcitem>`{=html}
recipe: \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:diamond_dust`</mcitem>`{=html} +
16x`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:TNT`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:diamond`</mcitem>`{=html} +
16x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:dark_ashes`</mcitem>`{=html}
