![](/mods/techreborn/advanced_machine_casing.png)

###### Advanced Machine Casing

-   -   Advanced Machine Casing** used to build multi-block machines
        like the
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:industrial_grinder`</mcitem>`{=html}.

##### Recipe

-   -   Advanced Machine Casing** can be crafted using following
        recipes.

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate
techreborn:steel_plate input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:advanced_machine_frame techreborn:advanced_circuit input
techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate
output techreborn:advanced_machine_casing,4 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate
techreborn:steel_plate input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:basic_machine_casing techreborn:advanced_circuit input
techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate
output techreborn:advanced_machine_casing `</recipe>`{=html}

##### Usage

-   -   Advanced Machine Casing** can be used in the following
        recipes.

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:chrome_plate techreborn:chrome_plate
techreborn:chrome_plate input techreborn:data_storage_core
techreborn:advanced_machine_casing techreborn:data_storage_core input
techreborn:chrome_plate techreborn:chrome_plate techreborn:chrome_plate
output techreborn:industrial_machine_casing `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:energy_flow_chip
techreborn:superconductor techreborn:energy_flow_chip input
techreborn:nichrome_heating_coil techreborn:advanced_machine_casing
techreborn:nichrome_heating_coil input techreborn:energy_flow_chip
techreborn:iridium_neutron_reflector techreborn:energy_flow_chip output
techreborn:fusion_coil `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:energy_flow_chip techreborn:advanced_machine_casing
techreborn:energy_flow_chip input techreborn:advanced_machine_casing
techreborn:energy_flow_chip techreborn:advanced_machine_casing input
techreborn:energy_flow_chip techreborn:advanced_machine_casing
techreborn:energy_flow_chip output techreborn:lightning_rod
`</recipe>`{=html}
