{{ :mods:techreborn:basic_machine_casing.png?nolink&200\|}}

###### Basic Machine Casing {#basic_machine_casing}

-   -   Basic Machine Casing\*\* used to build multi-block machines like
        the
        `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:industrial_grinder`</mcitem>`{=html}.

##### Recipe

-   -   Basic Machine Casing\*\* can be crafted using the following
        recipes.

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:basic_machine_frame
techreborn:electronic_circuit input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output
techreborn:basic_machine_casing,4 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:iron_plate techreborn:iron_plate
techreborn:iron_plate input techreborn:electronic_circuit
techreborn:basic_machine_frame techreborn:electronic_circuit input
techreborn:iron_plate techreborn:iron_plate techreborn:iron_plate output
techreborn:basic_machine_casing,4 `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:basic_machine_frame
techreborn:electronic_circuit input techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate output
techreborn:basic_machine_casing,4 `</recipe>`{=html}

##### Usage

Besides being part of multi-block structure \*\*Basic Machine Casing\*\*
can be used in the following recipe. `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate
input techreborn:advanced_circuit techreborn:basic_machine_casing
techreborn:advanced_circuit input techreborn:steel_plate
techreborn:steel_plate techreborn:steel_plate output
techreborn:advanced_machine_casing `</recipe>`{=html}
