\~\~NOTOC\~\~ {{ :mods:techreborn:blast_furnace.png?nolink&200\|}}

###### Blast Furnace {#blast_furnace}

The \*\*Blast furnace\*\* is a multi-block machine used to smelt tough
metals. It has an input rate of 512 FE/tick and an internal buffer for
40.000 FE. The smelting abilities depends on the casings used for the
multi-block. \\\\ \\\\

##### Recipe

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:cupronickel_heating_coil techreborn:advanced_circuit input
techreborn:cupronickel_heating_coil techreborn:advanced_machine_block
techreborn:cupronickel_heating_coil input techreborn:electric_furnace
techreborn:cupronickel_heating_coil techreborn:electric_furnace output
techreborn:blast_furnace `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\

##### Building instructions {#building_instructions}

The \*\*Blast Furnace\*\* requires a 3x4 multi-block with a hole in the
center. The Multi-block can be built from different machine casings.
Possible options are:

` * ``<mcitem>`{=html}`techreborn:basic_machine_casing``</mcitem>`{=html}\
` * ``<mcitem>`{=html}`techreborn:advanced_machine_casing``</mcitem>`{=html}\
` * ``<mcitem>`{=html}`techreborn:industrial_machine_casing``</mcitem>`{=html}

This will result in heat being produced inside the furnace and thus have
the ability to smelt the toughest ores (this however depends on the type
of casing used).

The first layer contains 9x casings
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace_layer1.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki} The
second layer contains 8x casings with an empty central hole.
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace_layer2.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki} The
third layer again contains 8x casings with a hole in the middle.
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace_layer3.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki} The
last layer is made with 9x casings.
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace_layer4.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki}
Place the \*\*Blast Furnace\*\* in the center bottom block and connect
it to a power source. The multi-block made from
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:basic_machine_casing`</mcitem>`{=html} will
allow the furnace to produce 1360 heat.
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace1.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki}
Multi-block made from
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:industrial_machine_casing`</mcitem>`{=html}
will allow the furnace to have 3230 heat.
`{{gallery>:blocks:blast_furnace2.png?lightbox}}`{=mediawiki} Two blocks
of lava in the center of multi-block will add 500 heat. \\\\ \\\\

##### Video

```{=mediawiki}
{{https://cached_fileserver.modmuss50.me/videos/blastFurnace.mp4|1280x720}}
```
