\~\~NOTOC\~\~ {{
:mods:techreborn:rolling_machine.png|Rolling Machine}}

###### Rolling Machine

-   -   Rolling Machine** used to produce various coils, like
        `![Cupronickel Heating Coil](/mods/techreborn/cupronickel_heating_coil.png)`{=mediawiki}
        **[Cupronickel Heating
        Coils](items:part:cupronickel_heating_coil "wikilink")**. Also
        this machine used for intense crafting of vanilla items such as
        rails and carts. The **Rolling Machine** is a Low tier
        machine with input rate of 256FE and internal storage of
        40.000FE.

\<WRAP round tip 60%\> Sneak-Use
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:wrench`</mcitem>`{=html} to dismantle
**Rolling Machine**. Pickaxe will give you
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:machine_block`</mcitem>`{=html} instead of
machine. `</WRAP>`{=html} \\\\

##### Recipe

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:piston techreborn:advanced_circuit
minecraft:piston input techreborn:compressor techreborn:machine_block
techreborn:compressor input minecraft:piston techreborn:advanced_circuit
minecraft:piston output techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\

##### Usage

-   -   Rolling Machine** has the following recipes:

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:nickel_ingot techreborn:copper_ingot
techreborn:nickel_ingot input techreborn:copper_ingot air
techreborn:copper_ingot input techreborn:nickel_ingot
techreborn:copper_ingot techreborn:nickel_ingot output
techreborn:cupronickel_heating_coil,3 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input air techreborn:nickel_ingot air input
techreborn:nickel_ingot techreborn:chrome_ingot techreborn:nickel_ingot
input air techreborn:nickel_ingot air output
techreborn:nichrome_heating_coil,2 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input
techreborn:chrome_ingot techreborn:aluminium_ingot
techreborn:aluminium_ingot input techreborn:chrome_ingot
techreborn:chrome_ingot techreborn:aluminium_ingot output
techreborn:kanthal_heating_coil,3 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:aluminium_ingot
techreborn:aluminium_ingot techreborn:aluminium_ingot input
techreborn:magnesium_dust techreborn:magnesium_dust
techreborn:magnesium_dust input techreborn:aluminium_ingot
techreborn:aluminium_ingot techreborn:aluminium_ingot output
techreborn:magnalium_plate,3 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot
input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:stick minecraft:iron_ingot input
minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot output minecraft:rail,24
tool techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:gold_ingot air minecraft:gold_ingot
input minecraft:gold_ingot minecraft:stick minecraft:gold_ingot input
minecraft:gold_ingot minecraft:redstone minecraft:gold_ingot output
minecraft:golden_rail,8 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot
input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:stone_pressure_plate
minecraft:iron_ingot input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:redstone
minecraft:iron_ingot output minecraft:detector_rail,8 tool
techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:stick
minecraft:iron_ingot input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:redstone_torch
minecraft:iron_ingot input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:stick
minecraft:iron_ingot output minecraft:activator_rail,8 tool
techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot
minecraft:iron_ingot input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot
minecraft:iron_ingot input air minecraft:iron_ingot air output
minecraft:iron_bars,24 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot air
input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot air input
minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot air output
minecraft:iron_door,4 tool techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html}
\\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot
input minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot minecraft:iron_ingot
input air air air output minecraft:minecart,2 tool
techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot
input minecraft:iron_ingot air minecraft:iron_ingot input air
minecraft:iron_ingot air output minecraft:bucket,2 tool
techreborn:rolling_machine `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input air minecraft:iron_ingot air input air
minecraft:stick air input air minecraft:wood_planks air output
minecraft:tripwire_hook,4 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input air input minecraft:iron_ingot
minecraft:iron_ingot air input air output
minecraft:heavy_pressure_plate,2 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

`<recipe>`{=html} input air input minecraft:gold_ingot
minecraft:gold_ingot air input air output
minecraft:light_pressure_plate,2 tool techreborn:rolling_machine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\
