{{ :mods:techreborn:refined_iron_ingot.png?nolink&200\|}}

###### Refined Iron Ingot {#refined_iron_ingot}

-   -   Refined Iron Ingot\*\* is an ingot used in many TR recipes. It
        could be acquired by smelting vanilla
        `<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:iron_ingot`</mcitem>`{=html}.

\\\\

##### Recipe

### Crafting Table Recipe {#crafting_table_recipe}

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_nugget
techreborn:refined_iron_nugget techreborn:refined_iron_nugget input
techreborn:refined_iron_nugget techreborn:refined_iron_nugget
techreborn:refined_iron_nugget input techreborn:refined_iron_nugget
techreborn:refined_iron_nugget techreborn:refined_iron_nugget output
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

### Smelting Recipe {#smelting_recipe}

Main source of \*\*Refined Iron Ingot\*\* is smelting
`<mcitem>`{=html}minecraft:iron_ingot`</mcitem>`{=html} in any kind of
Furnaces, including vanilla Furnace,
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:iron_furnace`</mcitem>`{=html} or
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:electric_furnace`</mcitem>`{=html}.

`<recipe>`{=html} size 1x1 input minecraft:iron_ingot output
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot tool techreborn:iron_furnace
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ \\\\

##### Usage

\|`<recipe>`{=html} input air input air techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
input air output techreborn:refined_iron_nugget,9
`</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:bronze_ingot
techreborn:bronze_ingot techreborn:bronze_ingot input
techreborn:tin_ingot techreborn:tin_ingot techreborn:tin_ingot output
techreborn:mixed_metal_ingot,2 `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|`<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:brass_ingot
techreborn:brass_ingot techreborn:brass_ingot input techreborn:tin_ingot
techreborn:tin_ingot techreborn:tin_ingot output
techreborn:mixed_metal_ingot,2 `</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:bronze_ingot
techreborn:bronze_ingot techreborn:bronze_ingot input
techreborn:zinc_ingot techreborn:zinc_ingot techreborn:zinc_ingot output
techreborn:mixed_metal_ingot,2 `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|
\|`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input
techreborn:brass_ingot techreborn:brass_ingot techreborn:brass_ingot
input techreborn:zinc_ingot techreborn:zinc_ingot techreborn:zinc_ingot
output techreborn:mixed_metal_ingot,2
`</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input air input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output
techreborn:iron_fence `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|`<recipe>`{=html} input air
input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input air output techreborn:hv_cable,12
`</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:rubber
techreborn:rubber techreborn:rubber input techreborn:rubber
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:rubber input techreborn:rubber
techreborn:rubber techreborn:rubber output
techreborn:insulated_hv_cable,4 `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|
\|`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:basic_machine_frame
techreborn:electronic_circuit input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output
techreborn:basic_machine_casing,4 `</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html}
input techreborn:insulated_copper_cable
techreborn:insulated_copper_cable techreborn:insulated_copper_cable
input minecraft:redstone techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
minecraft:redstone input techreborn:insulated_copper_cable
techreborn:insulated_copper_cable techreborn:insulated_copper_cable
output techreborn:electronic_circuit
`</recipe>`{=html}\|\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:advanced_machine_frame
techreborn:extractor techreborn:advanced_machine_frame input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output techreborn:industrial_centrifuge
`</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot air
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output
techreborn:basic_machine_frame `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|
\|`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot minecraft:book
air input air input air output techreborn:tech_manual
`</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:diamond_saw_blade
techreborn:diamond_saw_blade techreborn:diamond_saw_blade input
techreborn:advanced_circuit techreborn:advanced_machine_frame
techreborn:advanced_circuit output techreborn:saw_mill
`</recipe>`{=html}\|\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot air
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:electronic_circuit
techreborn:generator techreborn:electronic_circuit output
techreborn:diesel_generator `</recipe>`{=html}\|`<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot input techreborn:iron_furnace air
techreborn:iron_furnace input techreborn:refined_iron_ingot
techreborn:refined_iron_ingot techreborn:refined_iron_ingot output
techreborn:iron_alloy_furnace `</recipe>`{=html}\|\|
