![Aluminum Plate](/mods/techreborn/aluminum_plate.png)

###### Aluminum Plate

-   -   Aluminum Plate** is a crafting ingredient and used in several
        crafting recipes.

##### Recipe

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:compressor`</mcitem>`{=html} recipes:

`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminum_ingot`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminum_plate`</mcitem>`{=html} \\\\
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminum_storage_block`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
9x `<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminum_plate`</mcitem>`{=html}

##### Usage

-   -   Aluminum Plate** used in these crafting recipes:

`<recipe>`{=html} input techreborn:lithium_ion_battery
techreborn:advanced_circuit techreborn:lithium_ion_battery input
techreborn:lithium_ion_battery techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:lithium_ion_battery input techreborn:lithium_ion_battery air
techreborn:lithium_ion_battery output techreborn:lithium_ion_batpack
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:aluminum_plate input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:solid_fuel_generator
techreborn:electronic_circuit output techreborn:diesel_generator
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:wind_mill
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:wind_mill input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:aluminum_plate output techreborn:gas_turbine
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:advanced_machine_frame
techreborn:extractor techreborn:advanced_machine_frame input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:advanced_circuit
techreborn:aluminum_plate output techreborn:industrial_centrifuge
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:reinforced_glass techreborn:aluminum_plate input
techreborn:electronic_circuit techreborn:solid_fuel_generator
techreborn:electronic_circuit output techreborn:semi_fluid_generator
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate input techreborn:electronic_circuit
techreborn:basic_machine_frame techreborn:electronic_circuit input
techreborn:aluminum_plate techreborn:aluminum_plate
techreborn:aluminum_plate output techreborn:basic_machine_casing,4
`</recipe>`{=html} \\\\ `<recipe>`{=html} input
techreborn:aluminum_plate minecraft:black_dye techreborn:aluminum_plate
input minecraft:black_dye minecraft:glass_pane minecraft:black_dye input
techreborn:aluminum_plate minecraft:black_dye techreborn:aluminum_plate
output techreborn:digital_display `</recipe>`{=html} \\\\

Also **Aluminum Plate** used in
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:assembling_machine`</mcitem>`{=html} recipe:
\\\\ 2x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:aluminum_plate`</mcitem>`{=html} +
2x`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:lithium_cell`</mcitem>`{=html} -\>
`<mcitem>`{=html}techreborn:lithium_ion_battery`</mcitem>`{=html}

##### History

Updated for 1.16
